debt is a good debt or a bad debt.
Rich people are bound to have debts.
They will borrow money to do things that will increase in value,
buy things that will appreciate in value,
or assets that will bring in positive cash flow.
If you pay back 1 yuan
but your income can create 2 yuan, then
unlimited leverage
will only help you accumulate wealth slowly and slowly, and
slowly snowball.
For example, using a good credit card repayment record  To
improve your credit score, the
first thing you need to know is that
a healthy credit record
means not using more than 30
% of your credit limit and making repayments on time every month. Your
credit score
may not be very useful to you today,
but it will be very useful to you in the future. If you
plan to take out a mortgage or start a business, and
suddenly something happens and you need
money urgently,
how much you can borrow, what the interest rate will be,
or even if you can borrow at all?
Credit score is definitely a key role. There is more than one way
to prove that an institution is worthy of lending you money.